mathematics it has been thought are
where we finally get to so-called
epistemological Bedrock some certain and
absolute truth where all doubt is
removed science can only aspire for such
lofty Heights for science relies on
evidence open to interpretation and so
it is said only the accumulation of
sufficient amounts of it can ever make
us confident our theories are true or
probably true as for philosophy and
everything else mere matters of opinion
of course that entire hierarchy of
mathematics as certain scientists
probably true and everything else is
more or less a matter of opinion is
itself not a mathematical claim it's a
philosophical one instead mathematics is
better understood as distinguished by
its subject matter and method that
method of mathematical proof does not
mean show as true what it means is
calculate or compute what follows given
some axioms using some rules of your